hello again I am valanti have you
noticed there's a new Call of Duty
teaser trailer out I'm sure you have
because whenever anything call of duty
gets discussed it it's all the gaming
sites all at once and nobody can ever
stylish uh tup about it at all because
it's call of duty and it's the biggest
most important first person shooter
French person well if kumudam I
personally find it a bit boring I lost
major interest in the call of duty
franchise as a whole wall back because
they're all just very samey kind of
games and they weren't taking any
interesting risks or doing anything
difference just playing it safe cash cow
don't don't fiddle with it too much
because it's it's our big cash cow if we
change it too much people are free to
freak out on the work it's then there's
any more money for the game except even
if they did change it you know into a
pony hunting simulator or something
people would still buy it because it's
called duty on the box and the new
teaser trailer it's got no game playing
it's just basically a video putting
forth the general idea of the new game
trying to communicate that it is a new
Call of Duty sub franchise a new idea a
new story to tell it could call of duty
ghosts and and the trailer is just a
bunch of actors in costume in a studio
with some props around them with a
voiceover waffling on about why people
where must people where master scare
other people and people were master one
protect their faces when they're welding
and people wear masks to hide their true
identities or big woman and all i could
think throughout the entire thing was
that scene in jim carrey's movie the
mask where is mocking the psychologist
he saw on TV earlier on in the movie we
all wear masks better part i spare
gagging and couldn't take the trailer
seriously from then on in but have you
seen the reactions the video to act the
official call of duty page with a post
of this thing that's linked in the video
description if you're too stupid to be
able to find it yourself call of duty
ghosts just typing in the search balance
so you need to do pop right up anyway
people are freaking to forget of course
there because one the game is and they
react before they think all the time
every time that ago hmm let me consider
us just a teaser trailer just trying to
give me an idea of what the direction
the game is going I'll wait until the
big reveal of the more information about
the game itself but the xbox reveal in a
couple of weeks time or whatever and I
withhold judgment until then interesting
but don't know
but instead they freaking out I hate
this game this is the end of college
oudhia's seems so stupid faggoty fag fag
fag fag homosexual fag douchebag faggot
faggot faggot faggot faggot you know
that's how called cutie pies communicate
with each other okay okay that was gay
gay gay daii good of duty gay host i
think activation meaning ultra gay
imagine a sea lion yelling this protect
us earlier gay a man Simon is a faggot
well to be fair I mean Simon was
spamming up the comment section with
this bullshit so yeah maybe he is fuck
code fuck called fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck oh fuck fuck fuck fuck oh
fuck oh fuck oh please go to my channel
Sanchez ship n-word Activision 8 shet
speak don't even show gameplay gets a
teaser trailer you dipshit Ghost Recon
called they want their designs back 1982
called they want their called jokes back
this isn't amusing we are not amused
let's boycott to this game I'm almost
certain that this dickhead meant boycott
I dread to think what boycott is um
shalam this is going to suck I'm Eric
Turtles so the new thing is the
characters all wear masks clap clap
terrible WTF is this shit this better
not be copying ghost recon WTF WTF
indeed well another call of duty already
wonder what's next year black ops pony
dildo zombies 3 haha I shit my pants da
fuck this shit don't look like a game
more like a movie haha oh Christ sakes
save me my personal prediction we all
wear marks metaphorically speaking and
in the final scene of the trailer
there's a bunch of soldiers sitting
around it pulls the Baloch Lavrov over
him and he's put some some wax crayon on
it in the
the skull it's going to be a probably
heavy stealth based game huh so tired of
stuff this game is only going to sneak
around a little ninja unit of guys and
you get around and shoot in paper bill
and they'll be different weapons and you
can customize them and can probably buy
different masks with in-game purchases
you know eight dollars for a retaining
bit of for a bit of code that puts a
mask on my character yay I love call of
duty i love in-game purchases I love
spending real money on fake items I'm
gonna buy but my little pony mask and
I'm going to run around and call of duty
and everyone's gonna freak the freak out
because you know they're also threatened
by My Little Pony stuff in these type of
gaming communities because they're all
so desperate to to enforce upon you but
they are masculine men and a good like
girly things and you're a fag and I'm a
man named Aaron and Murtaugh call of
duty players such lame people pretty
good at video games but lame people you
know they kick my ass sideways in call
of duty but lame lame people